after Stoffels severe mauling by the
Lions Brian knew that he had to get his
badger under control his solution was a
brand new pen and the introduction of
Connie to help him work off steam
far from settling down though the
canoodling couples soon proved that
honey badgers are not just fearless but
astonishingly clever we started off with
the mr. fence but it didn't work
Stoffel soon devised a plan for opening
up the gate which has got two bolts he
would get the female to go up she would
go up open the first gate he'd hold the
gate and say woman get up I'm pulling
open you open up she goes up to the top
she pulls the second one out and then he
pulls it open he waits for her to get
down and they scope together the escape
was no fluke considering their small
size honey badgers have remarkably big
brains
the intelligence is just beyond anything
whatever Brian did to keep him in
Stoffel was hell-bent on getting out in
the end and at great expense Brian had
no choice but to build his own badger
Alcatraz Isis thoughtful the days of
your scape are over money
that night they Kobe Bryant Stoffels
outhouse is impossible but we had trees
in here and he climb up the trees and of
the lean over onto the wall and he was
out so he cut all the branches out of
the trees in here and left the trees in
the middle then he dug up the rocks and
it rolled him with his back feet to the
wall and klee piled up high enough
and they need get out so we took all the
rocks away
[Music]
this is like a game for Stoffel every
time I do buy some plan it was like a
game for him to work out how could he
get over this
[Music]
one o'clock in the morning my wife wakes
yep Brian Brian
someone's in the house she said I heard
a window break so we freeze
oh my expecting burkas and yes Stoffel
at my bedroom door try to get to the
bedroom door made him suffer mad bald
and he bets it to make it bigger and he
rolled it and he stands that he just got
up like that
[Music]
people have said oh did you try I said
trying it not at all didn't even think
of he outwitted us each time with his
schemes but I remember one day keep a
lift to rake in Stoffels enclosure he
scratched himself largeness our days
thinking computer's working it
[Music]
take the rake put these back put against
a wall climb a stand off your gun
stop
I mean you won't believe these stories
you think it's arcs folks that are
social
[Music]